# Change Log
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
 
The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## [2.1.0]
### Changes
* Item roll automation configuration can now be accessed as a separate standalone application instead of on a tab in the item sheet. This will ensure that every item type can access the roll config regardless of the sheet content. For now, you can access an item's roll configuration via the item sheet header controls. A way to access the roll config straight from the Actor sheet item list is still in the works.
* Removed usage of system styles in this module, so that window applications and chat messages rendered by this application should use default Foundry styling out-of-the-box. After updating, PFU Theme will continue to allow you to theme this module's applications and chat messages.
* Costs incurred by Auto Spend will now be paid using the PFU system's resource pipeline. Among other benefits, this means that a paid cost can be easily refunded from the chat message generated by the resource pipeline.

## [2.0.0]
### Changes
* Foundry v13 support.
### Breaking Changes
* Minimum compatible Foundry version set to v13.

## [1.0.1]
### New
* Added a "Untargetable" active effect which completely excludes an actor from Auto Targeting. You can find it in the "Assign Status Effects" token menu, or by creating a custom Active Effect and giving it the **Untargetable** status.
### Changed
* Generated chat messages now respect the user roll mode (i.e. if the item chat card is private, any associated Auto Target and Auto Spend messages will be as well.)

## [1.0.0]
### Breaking Changes
* Item macros should now check the event (`pre`/`post`) with `item.event` instead of `item.args[2]`, due to changes in the Item Macro module

### Changes
* Removed most item display data from Auto Target and Auto Spend dialogs due to upcoming changes in the system hiding this information from modules.

### Fixed
* Various minor bug fixes

## [0.1.3]

### New
* FR localization courtesy of [Zakarik](https://github.com/Zakarik). Merci!

### Fixed
* Resolved an issue which caused the "Enable" checkbox to not appear for Auto Target fields.
* Resolved an issue which caused Auto Target to not consider Active Effects from items when it should have and to consider Active Effects that were disabled due to a crisis dependency when it shouldn't have.
* Resolved issue with Auto Spend dialog not respecting the "Enable" checkbox when clicking "Spend" only.

### Changed

* Improved the info displayed on the rolled item in the Auto Target and Auto Spend dialogs.
* Auto Spend will now use the default system IP cost on consumables unless overridden.
* Auto Spend configuration "enable/override" field will now behave the same way in both item sheets and the Auto Spend dialog when rolling. Specifically, the field is never hidden, and the label will indicate that it enables Auto Spend on items without a default system cost, whereas it overrides the default system cost in cases where there is one.
* Slightly changed the behavior of the "Disable" button in the Auto Spend dialog. Specifically, it unsets the "Enable" field for items without a default system cost, whereas it sets the "Override Default Cost" field and sets the cost to 0 for items with a default system cost. In either case, the result is that the item will not cost anything for this roll and others in the future.
* Verified for Foundry V12.
* General improvements to Auto Target dialog to reduce clicks needed while providing better information about the item's current configuration. The "Enable" checkbox is display only, but has a tooltip explaining how it can be toggled on or off by the dialog options.
* The above improvement also applies to the Auto Spend dialog for items without a default cost (i.e. not a spell, ritual, or consumable). For items with a default cost, you will still need to explicitly specify whether or not to override the default cost.

## [0.1.2]

### Fixed

* Made spell MP Cost parsing a bit more robust.
* Resolved Auto Spend error on rituals without an overridden cost.
* Corrected steps of the Roll Enhancements Workflow to the intended order.

### Changed

* Adjusted default keybinds to reduce conflicts.
  * Show Auto Target Dialog: **[T]**
  * Show Auto Spend Dialog: **[R]**
* Adjusted size of Resource Type dropdown in Auto Spend fields.
* Updated README to include links to the latest release manifest and the project wiki.

## [0.1.1]
 
### Fixed
 
* Resolved broken localization strings for keybinds.
 
## [0.1.0]

* Initial release.